ladies and gentlemen we have just
reached our cruising altitude of 32,000
feet and we hope you enjoy our in-flight
movie miss how we doing on that headset
I'll be right there sir can I get a
headset dummy please do not raise your
voice to me sir
all right in the mobile okay stay calm I
am coming for my edges are problem surf
is mana problems / calm down I am calm a
little e people you people I don't know
you preforming you people or calm down
calm ordered to undergo anger-management
therapy and your management
[Music]
[Applause]
revolution Studios apparently dr. gel in
the history of unorthodox techniques
where should we put my stuff with
oneself I don't think you should be
moving in when mainly in Europe not
considered unusual for three or four men
to share a bed that's why I'm proud to
be an American
if you fail to strictly adhere to the
rules of his program you will spend the
next year in state prison learn to share
I'm at a kid I love with you I think
she's talking to me and I think I can
handle it you could open mine I'm going
to assign you an angle I heard what
pardoning of it is my number oh great
you're gonna die pigs that's the letter
that I'm right to a halt there and it
wastes your emotions the tempers the one
thing you can't get rid of by losing it
and anger management going
[Music]
lalalala lalalala psychic difficult for
you to confront your childhood nemesis
the guys are monkeys not even allowed to
hurt a plane do you think that's funny
don't stop would inspect my kill
[Applause]
[Music]